why am I even trying to be a nurse I'm
gonna be delivering pizzas and cleaning
carpets for the rest of my life you're
very attractive for a carpeting lady
although you may be could do something
with your hair yeah no that's not it
it's your face yeah give you a meal and
snack you know I was just hired to do
carpets right you're fired
I bet you haven't worked a single day in
your entire self-absorbed length just
pay me and I'll be on my way nope he's
the devil I owe the cleaning company
3000 bucks for a new machine and they
fired me rich people he'd get away with
everything I don't know what day it is
I don't even know my own name of ninja
in our little town that's him I have an
idea that is poetic in its justice I'm
here to pick up my husband you're my
wife for better words baby yep we had to
use the sperm donor you're getting
picked up for work bright and early I
work three jobs
I want a fake husband
[Music]
no more till we need to take him to the
hospital even Bobby nobody else do it
like that